Update redshift-configs.md (#3903)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/redshift-configs.md

The Redshift adapter supports [materialized views](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/materialized-view-overview.html) and refreshes them for every subsequent `dbt run` that you execute. For more information, see [Refresh Materialized Views](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/materialized-view-refresh.html) in the Redshift docs.

Materialized views support the optional configuration `on_configuration_change` with the following values: 
- `apply` (default) &mdash; attempts to update the existing database object if possible, avoiding a complete rebuild. 

> - `skip` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was skipped

Reviewer: Can we also correct this to `continue` while we're at it?

Author: of course

> - `skip` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was skipped

Author: ```suggestion
- `continue` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was skipped
```

> - `skip` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was skipped

Author: ```suggestion
- `continue` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was not executed
```

> - `continue` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was skipped

Author: ```suggestion
- `continue` &mdash; allows runs to continue while also providing a warning that the model was not executed
```

{{
  config(
    materialized = 'materialized_view',

>     auto_refresh = false,

Reviewer: I believe this is a capital F; it's not the jinja `false`, it's the python `False`.

We're also adding the option to pass in case-insensitive strings, e.g. `"False"`, `"false"`, `"FALSE"`, etc. It's not there yet, and we can submit another PR that goes in at the same time if that makes more sense.

Author: I hate that but glad that's getting fixed :)

>     auto_refresh = false,

Author: ```suggestion
    auto_refresh = False,
```
